Add vcloud page (#61)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/vdc-vcloud-director.md

---
id: vdc-vcloud-director
title: Selling and provisioning of VMware vCloud Director tenants
sidebar_label: vCloud tenants
---

Cloudesire platform enables selling of vCloud director tenants via a native API
integration.

A special product on the marketplace is available for purchase that

> automatically provision a VDC organization with admin access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically provisions a VDC organization with admin access.
```

To achieve this, administrator credentials of a vCloud Director platform is
necessary to be able to dynamically create new VDCs.

Both *prepaid* and *pay-as-you-go* pricing models are supported.

> Switching between different pricing models on an active subscription is not
> yet supported.

## Prepaid pricing model

In *prepaid* plans, customer selects how many CPU cores, GB of memory, GB of

> disk space and IP addresses want to buy. In this case, project quotas are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disk space and IP addresses he wants to buy. In this case, project quotas are
```
